feat: Add documentation for Bank Account Verification (#458)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/api/enrichments/bank-accounts.mdx

---
title: Bank Account Verification
---

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";
import {
  HttpMethod,
  HttpMethods,
} from "@site/src/components/shared/HttpMethod";
import { Permission } from "@site/src/components/shared/Permission";

# Bank Account Verification

## Verify Bank Account

Returns a status indicating that bank account information is valid for receiving transactions.

<HttpMethod
  method={HttpMethods.POST}
  endpoint="https://api.basistheory.com/enrichments/bank-account-verify"
/>

#### Permissions

<Permission content="token:use" />

### Request

<Tabs className="bt-tabs" groupId="languages">
  <TabItem value="shell" label="cURL">

> ```shell showLineNumbers

Reviewer: It is worth it adding two examples:
1. when using `bank` token type and no `routing_number`
2. when using `us_bank_account_number` and `routing_number`

you can pass `title` into example, next to `showLineNumbers` to differentiate them

curl --location 'https://api.basistheory.com/enrichments/bank-account-verify' \
--header 'BT-API-KEY: <API_KEY>' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
    "token_id":"5dae2960-8d7d-11ef-806c-1b5325d52a83",
    "country_code": "US",
    "routing_number": "021000021"
}'
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

#### Request Parameters

| Name   | Type   | Description                                                                  |
|--------|--------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| token_id   | String | The ID of the token containing the bank information. Token type must be either [`bank`](/docs/api/tokens/token-types#bank) or [`us_bank_account_number`](/docs/api/tokens/token-types#us-bank-account-number).  |
| country_code    | String (Optional) | The two character ISO country code. Default: `US` |

> | routing_number    | String (Optional) | The routing number of the bank account. Only applicable with tokens of type [`us_bank_account_number`](/docs/api/tokens/token-types#us-bank-account-number) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| routing_number    | String (Optional) | The routing number of the bank account. Only applicable if the token referenced by `token_id` is of type [`us_bank_account_number`](/docs/api/tokens/token-types#us-bank-account-number) |
```
